Unknown 0:01
But anyways,

Unknown 0:04
the whole thing with the couch,

Unknown 0:08
I I was like, okay, like, it's okay. Like, no problem. I let it go. I apologized for asking, because I recognized that he was getting worked up. And like it wasn't Woo hoo. I.

Unknown 0:27
That wasn't something that I should have asked about anyways, because, like, the living arrangement, like, it's not us living together anymore, like trying to make a home together. It's like me living in this house and so, like, whatever happens with the couch is kind of, like, none of my business. You know what I mean at this point, I guess.

Unknown 0:52
But I let it go, you know. But like, it wasn't, not, you know, after the day that we had just had, it was anxiety inducing to, like, be anxious again, you know, and I just felt like, I

Unknown 1:11
don't know it was too it was too early in the day, and I don't really remember what else happened yesterday, To be honest, but I just remember not feeling like I could get as close to him, because it all felt loaded.

Unknown 1:34
It kind of felt like sad because, because of like, how good the day was prior, I wanted to be really close the next day, but that doesn't feel like appropriate giving the whole not being in a relationship anymore thing, and that made me sad, you know, it made me really sad.

Unknown 2:00
And by the end of the day, you know, I cried about it a little bit. I had to excuse myself to the bathroom.

Unknown 2:06
And I, you know, repeatedly got emotional about it,

Unknown 2:13
all sleep sad about it.

Unknown 2:15
And, you know, I think I had a few good dreams last night that helped me work through things. So my memory is kind of not the best from yesterday, because I was just kind of sad,

Unknown 2:28
like I was trying to have a really good day, and it wasn't an awful day. This wasn't the day it was before, you know, it was closer to how things have been, which hasn't, hasn't been the best.

Unknown 2:44
I just wanted to feel that same like openness that we had had the day before, where things just felt like, so certain and so they casually comfortable.

Unknown 2:55
And, you know, I guess my inability to communicate that I was feeling like, oh, you know what? Something else did happen after the couch thing. It wasn't just the couch site. Of course, it wasn't just the couch thing that wouldn't make sense. There was something, and I can't remember what it was exactly, that came up,

Unknown 3:21
but he brought up something that made me feel a little confused about like us being on the same page, about like not being together anymore.

Unknown 3:38
And I can't really, like, remember what exactly it was that he he he said, but it just kind of like bummed me out, because I didn't want to, like, in that moment, I didn't want to have to have that conversation and, like, re explain anything.

Unknown 4:00
And I thought that, like, from his perspective, like maybe, you know, it didn't have anything to do with that, and he was just casually talking about something that was also, like, similar to things we've talked about. Like, I wish I could remember what it was, but I don't know it, there was like a hint of ambiguity reintroduced, I guess.

Unknown 4:31
And I wanted to get on the same page about it, but I didn't want to open that can of worms, and so I decided not to say anything.

Unknown 4:46
I That's the whole problem is I decided not to say anything, but I also, again, you know, we go back to like the defensiveness thing.

Unknown 4:56
I didn't want him to interpret like my asking as like me, implying that he was trying to, like, say something that he wasn't trying to say, you know, like,

Unknown 5:15
I don't know how to describe it, but, like, yeah, he has the right to explain that, but I don't, I don't know what I was See. It's like, I show all of these like, feelings down. Oh, damn,

Unknown 5:28
great.

Unknown 5:33
I shove all these feelings down. And then, and then I can't even track them anymore. You know, they don't even make sense. Can't

Unknown 5:42
even back them up.

Unknown 5:45
And so the moment when I'm trying to tell him or whatever, it's like, it doesn't matter anymore.

Unknown 5:53
But anyways, so then, yeah, today,

Unknown 5:59
today was the Walmart and car thing or whatever.

Unknown 6:07
And I just, you know, all the accumulated sad feelings I had yesterday,

Unknown 6:21
I didn't feel like I could go to him and be like, hey, like, what's with your tone? You know? Because, like, he told me that, like, all, that's all I have had to say was like, oh, like, hey, what's what the tone? Or like, hey, like, watch your tone or whatever.

Unknown 6:39
But like, I don't feel like I could have said that to him.

Unknown 6:44
Like, while we're at the self self checkout in Walmart, like in public, like, I feel like he would have felt very criticized

Unknown 6:53
in that moment, which is, like, what I'm trying to avoid, you know?

Unknown 7:00
So I just feel like i don't know i.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai