Unknown 0:02
Can you hear me when I'm talking? Hello, yes, yes, yes, okay, I am so sad that

Unknown 0:14
there are so many things

Unknown 0:17
I can't keep up with. How many things make me sad anymore.

Unknown 0:23
It's all so overwhelming,

Unknown 0:27
and they're all just kind of like things happen and then I fall off the wagon, even though they need I don't even track it to explain it later, because it's not worth trying to explain it later, and I just kind of follow it away as me being really sensitive. And I try and move past it, but then it makes me flat and sad, and I can feel it, but if I try and talk about it, it's just gonna be like, an overwhelmingly confusing and like combative conversation,

Unknown 1:11
because

Unknown 1:13
I don't want to, like, talk about the other person's feelings, about how I feel,

Unknown 1:19
and I don't, like,

Unknown 1:22
I know that that sounds like really selfish,

Unknown 1:26
but like, I don't want them to defend themselves. I don't want them to be like, I didn't mean to do that, like I was just doing this. And like, I, I reacted this way because of this, like, I, I didn't mean it. Like, I didn't know, like,

Unknown 1:46
you know what I mean? Like, I,

Unknown 1:51
I don't want that.

Unknown 1:54
I just want to be like, Oh man, this sucked. And then they're like, Oh man, my bad. Sorry. But I feel like, is that actually what I want, or am I, like, oversimplifying what I actually want? Because, like, I haven't been able to get what I actually want. You know what I mean? Like, what if what I want is way more complex than them,

Unknown 2:27
which is why it's so confusing.

Unknown 2:31
I feel like maybe what I want is gotten every last and translational anyway, because I feel like every time that I get no conflict, it's like, like with him specifically, it's

Unknown 2:48
it's stuck at this like, he just keeps, like,

Unknown 2:53
explaining and talking about, like,

Unknown 2:56
what he was thinking and what he's feeling and like what he doesn't like about what I did and like what I did wrong, like what I said and what I handled it and like, and I'm like, okay, like, I never, like, went into this thinking that Like, what he was experiencing was, like, fundamentally, like, wrong about, like, it wasn't, like, justifiable in any way, because, like, I can really understand it like, any any way that he, like, would explain it like, I think it would make sense, but like,

Unknown 3:39
I don't understand why I by

Unknown 3:43
when he makes me sad.

Unknown 3:46
I need to hear about

Unknown 3:51
why he didn't mean to make me sad. You know, I just

Unknown 4:00
I don't know what I want. I wanted to

Unknown 4:03
heal my feelings about it. I guess I want to like be able to I want to be able to explain to him why I didn't feel good and what didn't feel good about it. And I just wanted to, like care about like. I wanted to like witness how it makes me feel, and like care about it in that way, and then like reassure me it won't happen again. But it's like, the more that I ask for this, the less it makes sense anymore. But in the moment, I know what I'm getting at, but I'm not able to communicate it.

Unknown 4:52
And I'm getting really frustrated.

Unknown 4:56
I'm getting like,

Unknown 5:00
I mean, it's to the point where, like, you know, I am repeatedly, like,

Unknown 5:08
reconsidering

Unknown 5:10
my perspective and just kind of, like,

Unknown 5:17
I'm trying to get full consideration for the fact that I'm wrong. You know.

Unknown 5:26
But what I know that I can't be wrong

Unknown 5:30
about is when something hurts in a moment, you know. But then I gotta, like,

Unknown 5:40
I gotta say that it hurt,

Unknown 5:43
and I gotta be able to back up why it hurts. And I think I don't want to have to back up why it hurts. You know,

Unknown 5:56
don't like

Unknown 5:59
saying that like hurts for no reason. Like,

Unknown 6:08
I think maybe it's the fact that I like internalize so much like that I deliberately like keep so many things to myself and just like, make myself get over it, that when something does like, kind of gut me, and I can't, it feels that much more significant. You know, it feels like, Oh, that one really stumped. And then I try and get over it, and then, and then, you know, like, in this instance today, so I was at Walmart with my current partner, I don't know, friends with benefits, the guy I'm seeing my ex, I guess we decided not. I decided that a good relationship because of this particular issue, amongst others. But we were at Walmart at the checkout, and I was scanning stuff, and he didn't know that there was more stuff to scan. And so when I went to scan something, he kind of like scolded me, because he was like, he's like, Hey, what are you doing? Like, I scan, we scan everything. Like, quit, whatever. Like, it just the way he said. It was just very irritated sounding, and just like, like I was messing something up, like I was doing something wrong, and like,

Unknown 7:49
but he didn't even

Unknown 7:51
try to understand what I was doing. He just scolded me, you know, and that's what threw me off, is he didn't just, like, pause, like, see what was going on. Or, like, ask me, like, what, what I was doing, like, in a curious way, not like, what are you doing, like, angry kind of way, or, like, annoyed. I I feel like I just don't understand why, why he responds like that? And it just like gives me this, like sinking feeling in my stomach, you know what I mean? Like,

Unknown 8:30
just makes me sad and anxious,

Unknown 8:35
and it reminds me of all the times that we've argued and stuff. So then I just kind of like shut down. But I don't want to tell him, like, Oh, your tone, you know? Because, like, if he just had, like, a tone, that he was a void, then he's not gonna be all friendly with me if I say he has a tone, you know what I mean? But like,

Unknown 8:59
I also feel like,

Unknown 9:03
well, his, you know, anyways, in the moment, it was like

Unknown 9:08
he had started

Unknown 9:12
the card reader process or whatever. So he got an error message when I tried to scan the last thing in the cart. And so that's what was going on for him. He didn't realize that there was something else, and he thought I was scanning things really quickly and just not paying attention or whatever. And so he was like, ah, what are you doing? And I think that even hearing it from his perspective, I am hurt by the like, assumed incompetence on my end. You know that, like, I can't, you know, I don't know. I can't do it right?

Unknown 9:58
So anyways, we

Unknown 10:02
left Walmart, and I was feeling bummed because of the situation and being kind of quiet and distant. And then I

Unknown 10:18
we were leaving Walmart, and he

Unknown 10:22
was like impatient, like pulling out of the parking lot. Like, there were cars passing in front of the, like, main entrance of Walmart, and, like, people leaving the store. And one of the cars that was passing in front was like, stopped for pedestrians to pass, and he pulled out of, you know, like, one of the main driveways or whatever in the parking lot. And was like, complaining about this person, not like moving fast enough or whatever, and not like letting him out, and like saying that he needed to move along or whatever. And I was all I could think was, I mean, this starts with the people walking out of the store. There's like, pedestrians, and I'm like, of the belief that pedestrians have the right away, and that, you know, anybody could be walking back to their car leaving the store, and you know, you don't know if they have anxiety about being hit by A car or something I don't know. I'm just thinking, you know, there could be anybody. Keep a safe distance, just in case. What if somebody rear ends you and pushes you forward into people you don't know. So I don't like to get that close to people. And so then I'm thinking, okay, this person that's in front of us in this car, what if they're also thinking that, and they're trying to give these people space,

Unknown 12:07
and then

Unknown 12:09
Jackson's like, coming up along, you know, behind them, and, like, not pushing them, making them so they have to, like, keep nudging forward. Like, what if they're anxious about him riding their ass and the people in front of them, like, what, you know, like, I just, I'm like, is he thinking about the situation that he's like, potentially putting other people in with the choices that he's making right now? And it was just like the small moment. And I spoke up to say something, but then I stopped myself, and he was like, what? And I was like, Oh, nothing. Never mind. Because I because I didn't want to like with how I was feeling about what just happened in the store. I hadn't even had that much time to get over it yet. And you know, the the

Unknown 13:00
scale of what had really happened with

Unknown 13:04
him driving and everything. It wasn't that big of a deal. It was just like a minor annoyance. It's just like a character thing that bothers me, you know, like it's not mindful, I guess, kind of like when he turns his blinker on, he turns his blinker on when he's like, as he's getting in the other lane, or like, a second before, you know, like, it's not like, ample time to, like, let other people, like, around you know what you're doing, and like, anticipate it and like, consider it in their decision making process. You know, it just feels kind of like an afterthought. And so like, I feel like,

Unknown 13:44
you know, in this instance,

Unknown 13:47
the way he spoke to me, you know, made me feel like he wasn't considering how I was feeling, or like what I was thinking in that moment, he just felt a way about it, and didn't stop to filter that through anything. And then, you know, with believing the parking lot, he didn't stop to consider what all those other people might be thinking and feeling, or maybe he did, but like, he only considered, you know, point of views that didn't include that, or he considered it and he decided against it, I don't know, and he still decided that how, that's how he wanted to do it, or that's, you know, just how he's used to doing it, because, you know, he works all over the country, and cities all over the place, and that works differently in different places. I can understand that also. But then, you know, and then the blinker thing, it's just like you're involving other people with your decisions here, you need to, like, communicate what's going on and like, think about what other people are seeing, you know,

Unknown 15:10
and I just don't know if i

Unknown 15:23
i Sorry, no car passed in front of me. Um,

Unknown 15:27
but you know, so after after that, I was also kind of bummed, because

Unknown 15:36
he wasn't like, I don't

Unknown 15:40
know, he didn't seem concerned that I was quiet. He was just gonna let me be quiet. And I know that's not good. It's kind of like I am so afraid of his reaction to like how I feel that I would rather like be in the wrong by being quiet than be in the wrong way by saying something.

Unknown 16:03
And I think that, like, that's kind of where I'm stuck right now,

Unknown 16:08
is there have been so many times where I've, like, successfully, just kind of, like, shoved something down and kept it to myself, that I just want to do that, like, over and over again now, you know, like, that's just how I want to handle things, but it I can't like, it just bubbles up inside me,

Unknown 16:28
and it's just really shitty. But

Unknown 16:32
it's also kind of like,

Unknown 16:35
when he like, doesn't

Unknown 16:41
like, get what I'm saying in an argument, or he, like twists it on me, or, you know, just completely does not track how like my framing, like, when everything is like, perceived as like, something To like, defend himself against rather than me, just like sharing information or like trying to, like convey information, that definitely does make it hard. And I understand that, like, you know, my tone and it is not like any different than him having a tone or whatever, and how like that contributes and everything.

Unknown 17:22
But I think that sometimes, like,

Unknown 17:26
I just, I want to be able to

Unknown 17:30
share how I'm feeling, and, like, not have

Unknown 17:35
his whole input about

Unknown 17:41
the scenario, but I don't know you'll understand what I'm trying to say, because I think that, like there is something that I'm fundamentally missing here.

Unknown 17:53
I just don't quite know what it would be.

Unknown 17:57
But what is this dude doing? I

Unknown 18:09
I don't know what.

Unknown 18:16
I know that I could stuck with thinking like, oh, I can change things, you know, fix everything, and if I can't control other people,

Unknown 18:28
all I can control is myself.

Unknown 18:34
But I also think that

Unknown 18:38
this is a good learning opportunity for me, like I think that no matter how wrong I feel in a conflict with somebody else, there's always something that I can learn from it for myself and how to communicate better. Is what like what I need you know even if I've determined that like, no matter what. Like that. Their approach isn't right for me like I can still get better at articulating my own needs.

Unknown 19:16
So, yeah.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai