0:01
I'm angry and I'm angry. I'm angry because I'm angry. I don't want to be angry anymore.

0:14
I want to be happy and relaxed

0:18
and like comfortable. I I

0:24
just like, need shit

0:27
to be able to feel that way. And

0:33
when it comes to like, direct, explicit communication, I need I'm doing

0:46
it. I'm looking in public. Okay? I opened my phone because I wanted to record

0:54
myself talking about

0:57
how it felt to be feeling how I was doing. I because I was thinking about how, like, maybe

1:08
I'm coming up on my period, or something.

1:13
she's making me more emotional, because I've been extremely anxious about

1:19
living arrangement, the person that I'm with,

1:24
and, you know, the whole trust and betrayal and everything, and just not being able to, like, shake this anxiety, no matter how much I like, really apply my framework, like, it's just I can't change my material, Like, configuration currently. So like, I'm kind of like submerged in, you know, the triggering aspects, and there's not really anything I can do about it, besides, you know what I'm already doing, which is just reminding myself of what's actually true and focusing on my work and taking responsibility for my reactions to things.

2:16
We needed to be somewhere. I slept in. He couldn't wake me up, and I had only slept for two hours because we stayed up ridiculously. But anyways,

2:35
I,

2:37
you know, woke up anxious about the betrayal thing, and then

2:42
when I I

2:48
was communicating with him about going to the DMV. That's where we needed to go.

3:06
He I asked if we had enough time, because he needs to pick up his dad and stepmother from the airport, and at that time was about two hours now and 45 minutes, and I didn't know if I had enough time to get ready or whatever. But he, he thought we could make it, and I felt a little like I need more information, because I wanted to know, like, what, like, how long do I have until, like, what is kind of like, the cut off to where, like, he might end up feeling rushed or anxious or or whatever, like I didn't want to put him in a time bind, you know. But because, you know, when I try and get clarifying, get more information, sometimes it leads to a lot of like confusion or kind of like, oh, I don't know, what do you want? What do you want to do, you know? And I didn't want to deal with it, and I just said, you know, I need more information. And he's like, Well, what information do you need? And I was like, I don't know. And I just left it alone. Got up and certainly ready, you know? Because I was like, well, he wants to try. I don't need to interrogate him about when we're gonna get there.

4:30
The whole thing is, I wanted

4:32
to be able to go to the DMV and come back home, and then he could go pick up his dad and his stepmom, because I don't want to be in the car with them. I don't want to make conversation with them. We're not in a relationship anymore, so it's uncomfortable for me. They don't know what that, you know, they barely knew we were in a relationship in the first place. And then, you know, I met them one time drunk at a bar, and it was really nice. And then since then, you know, the relationship has ended. You know, very constrained terms, like, I'm kind of trapped and very traumatized. It's a difficult situation. I don't want to be in a car with his parents, you know. So I just wanted to figure out the timing. But whatever I got ready, and then as I was getting my my bag, my bag with my stuff in it, and I was clearly ready to go. He was like, well, now we don't have enough time. Maybe we should wait until later, because now if we go like you're we're definitely gonna have to pick them

5:43
up. I know what I just like.

5:47
I just felt like queasy, you know, I felt like dread. I felt this like, tingling, uncomfortable, queasy, just, I

6:07
don't know, unpleasant sensation in my body,

6:13
my anxiety, just like,

6:16
went way up and but I was like, okay, you know

6:22
it's okay.

6:24
And you know, he could tell I was, like, a little deflated. I guess I don't know how to describe maybe what he saw, but obviously my mood shifted. It was just kind of like, you know, the plans are changing, and I wanted to communicate about it sooner,

6:45
and we didn't,

6:48
and I felt,

6:52
I felt frustrated. I don't know how to describe how I felt. I didn't feel, I don't know it just didn't feel good and but I'm not gonna say this, you know, because this is me. He didn't do anything wrong. You know, I guess what he did wrong is the fact that I feel like I can't try and communicate with him in the first place. But like in this scenario, he didn't necessarily do anything wrong, and I was trying to, you know, gather my things so

7:28
I could, just like, sit down and

7:31
wait until we leave again

7:36
later and get back to work or whatever. And this, just like, welling up anxiety was like, building inside of me. I think it was the fact that I just felt like I couldn't say anything. You know, it was the fact that I felt like I couldn't say anything, and I couldn't get these like emotions resolved, and I would, they were just sitting inside me and myself and I, you

7:56
know, I didn't feel like I had a

7:59
reliable, like, safe, co collaborative outlet that would, like, help me process these emotions, get the information that I need, like, make sense of what happened, all from like, this, kind of, like, just neutral, comforting lens, you know, just kind of like, Hey, this is what's going on, and this is how I feel, and it's really hard for me and and whatever, but you know, then it's, you know, there is also the aspect of, I can communicate that, but if there's no lasting change and effort or whatever, then that doesn't feel good, either, or if it's, you know, my anxiety about the change

8:39
as evidence that

8:42
change isn't worth it in some way to them.

8:49
And so, you know, I think that

8:53
I was just, I just felt sunken. Felt sunken. And I,

9:06
you know, I tried to

9:08
keep my composure, whatever, but I

9:14
I stopped, and I said,

9:17
I just want to let you know I woke up with a lot of anxiety today. And so if I'm, you know, being a certain way. That's why. And he was like, okay, whatever. I don't I don't really remember what he said in any of this. That's how intense the anxiety was. He didn't do anything wrong. But anyways, and then I started tearing up. I just the tears just started welling up. They just started bubbling out of me. And you know, I was choking him back, and I was like, I think I need to go on a walk. And so I rushed out of the house without another word, and he didn't say anything, because I was just going, and I'm walking and you know that I thought, Why am I feeling like this? Maybe it's my period, and my period's coming. It should be coming

10:15
in a week or so. And

10:21
and then I thought,

10:25
What is the reason women's cycle synchronize?

10:30
What is the real reason?

10:33
Like, why is that happening? You know, I have a little thing about how women have been disconnected from one another because of,

10:43
you know, the patriarchy

10:46
essentially, and how women are, like, reliant on connections with men, and like putting all of this energy and investment into men that would be

10:58
much more

11:02
fruitful if it were to be put into other women. And when I think about the way that women's menstrual cycle is synchronized just by being in proximity, it makes me wonder if this is, you know, some sort of dimensional translation mechanism, you know, in which there are benefits to women being on their cycle at the same time, beyond just the biological reproduction factor,

11:39
like, I wonder if women's

11:43
heightened emotional sensitivity, like woe for one is absolutely, in my opinion, Due to the increased ability for consciousness to identify

12:07
you know, tension and misalignment.

12:11
And I think that, you know,

12:16
menstruation kind of is like a, you know, it's a another dimensional tuner, another calibration lens that experience gets filtered through, and everything that the body like carries somatically inside, definitely is gonna Take the opportunity to express itself when the material conditions allow for it. And I think that you know, the the different phases of the menstrual cycle are, you know, definitely this, like, very destabilizing process for women. But it also means that the amount of reflection on experience is much higher. And I think that you know whether it is productive or unproductive reflection you know like contributing to the evolution of, you know, patterns and like a more

13:35
healthy system

13:38
than, Oh, what did he say?

13:40
I

Transcribed by https://otter.ai