Unknown 0:01
So yesterday I was feeling like ambiguity about, like, the relationship dynamic, I guess because the day before we had like, strictly got on the same page that, you know, the relationship couldn't continue as it is, based on everything that has happened and that it just wasn't, it just wasn't going to work for me. I wasn't ever going to be able to trust Him or have feelings for him in that way anymore, and,

Unknown 0:52
you know, being able to clear the air like that

Unknown 0:55
was a massive weight off my shoulders, because I finally felt like I had all the answers to the questions that I, you know, had, and all the uncertainties and everything weren't uncertain anymore. And so we had a really, really good day.

Unknown 1:17
And

Unknown 1:22
you know, it felt exactly how I wanted it to feel. It felt a little too good to be true.

Unknown 1:28
And so the next day,

Unknown 1:31
in the morning,

Unknown 1:34
I asked him about

Unknown 1:42
a I think it was about the couch. Yes, it was about the couch because we had,

Unknown 1:52
you know, done some

Unknown 1:53
things on my couch the night before, and

Unknown 1:59
it was wet,

Unknown 2:01
and it's an old, disgusting couch. So I wanted to know, you know,

Unknown 2:10
I wanted an update on

Unknown 2:13
how we were going to get it out of there, and, you know, in what way. And I

Unknown 2:26
I don't know. I shouldn't have asked, because I could tell that he felt a lot of pressure. Because prior to this, he was telling me about is, I don't know, conversation about trying to deal with his vehicles and whatever there's a vehicle situation and that he's just about them. So I can understand that me asking about the couch wasn't appropriate. I didn't, I didn't like, it was just kind of like a casual like, I just want to know, like, you know, I made a comment that, well, we could put it behind the house, like, just to get it out of the house, because he's talking about, like,

Unknown 3:21
having a dumpster, take it away, and if the how

Unknown 3:24
much it would cost out of the dumpster, take it away and whatever. And so I'm gonna go this way.

Unknown 3:34
But anyways,

Unknown 3:36
the cost of the dumpster, and

Unknown 3:41
he doesn't seem like, like nothing that we were saying sounded like anything that he wanted to do. And

Unknown 3:53
I just wanted to know, you know, like,

Unknown 3:57
how what his plan was to, like, get it out of there. And he could have said, like, I don't know right now, I don't want to talk about it, but he just gets, like, really flustered.

Unknown 4:11
And I think that, like,

Unknown 4:16
it feels like I am,

Unknown 4:21
like, whatever the questions I ask,

Unknown 4:25
or whatever like things that I say, it

Unknown 4:29
doesn't feel like he's willing to, like, enforce his own boundaries about like, what he's willing to like, engage in conversation about, you know what I mean, like, it feels like he just gets like, upset that I asked, instead of just, like, telling me that he doesn't know where he doesn't want to say or whatever, because, like, if he just, like, said, you know, then it would be fine. Like, I would be like, Okay, no, no problem. But he gets like, upset with me, and he gets, like, really elevated, and things get really frantic, and I'm just like, whoa. Like, I I I

Unknown 5:04
just laugh and do like I'm sorry, you know,

Unknown 5:09
but it just,

Unknown 5:13
it doesn't feel like

Unknown 5:17
it feels like it catch 22.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai