Summary

The provided text challenges the intuitive notion that human cognition
primarily relies on pattern recognition. While it's tempting to see
patterns in everything from social systems to caring for a home, the
author argues this is an illusion. The piece asserts that thoughts are
fundamentally distinct from the physical "things" that produce them, and
that the very idea of a "pattern" in thought may be a misconception. It
further contends that nature lacks a single, unitary cause, making broad
inductive or deductive claims based on perceived patterns unsupportable
without empirical evidence. Ultimately, the author suggests that
attributing an essential character to mathematical or computational
"recognition" is unfounded, advocating for clearer arguments, such as
mathematical idealism, if that is the intended philosophical stance.

Key Topics

Hey this may be "off and to the left" and here's another theory. Also
before diving in, sort of a very fast read without giving your stuff the
Donald Hoffman treatment, it appears to be more about the priority of
mind than metaphysics - it appears more explanatory than causal or
necessary-relational.

anyways, here goes.

It's tempting and intuative to argue human cognition is based on pattern
recognition. We can appreciate others mothers are like our own mothers.
That may not be grounding, however it may be worthwhile to argue that
large systems in society, or the small ways we interact within our
domicile, are all pattern recognitions - for example, taking care of a
house or apartment, or knowing it can be this way, implies we can also
provide this same type of care to other things. We know to be gentle
with glass plates and other things which are physically fragile. In some
sense, we can't escape the fact that humans appears to fit and mirror
and match the patterns we see with a phenomenology or truly essential
characteristic.

However, this is an illusion:

1. ⁠Things doing thoughts are nothing like the thoughts themselves.

2. ⁠There may be "nothing like a pattern" which a thought can be like.
For example, there isn't such a thing as a "gentle or low-force thought"
it's just a mechanical outcome.

3. ⁠There isn't a unitary cause in nature. A flower isn't a butterfly
isn't a grieving mother isn't a fledgling charity. And, if we attempt to
make things more fundamental, those fundamental objects, or the way we
represent them are necessarily like the things they are, which isn't the
things we wish to use them to describe something which isn't them.

4. ⁠Finally, it's a great example of misappropriating induction,
deduction, and other tools to say that the world should be some way
based on consciousness and patterns. Saying "All As are like Bs" or "For
any A which is like All As, necessarily a B which is like All Bs,"
doesn't have any priority or preference for As or Bs to be real world
concepts. Without empirical evidence there can never be said to be a
justifiable belief.

5. ⁠And second finally, formal languages may be nominal in that you can
never signify an equation. There is perhaps a name and some mental
keepsakes, but those aren't the same thing as saying a Mathematical
Model or a recognition which is supposed to exist within that model.

In short, there's no essential character to recursive, recognizing,
"stack" or other mathematical and computational language - and so if
you're going to make this type of argument fundamentally or about an
ontology or an object, away from my own "deconstructive" effort
(here......@ me bros, really), stick to what you're saying - if you're
arguing for mathmatical idealism in any sense just say that to make it
simpler to follow.

That would be my main advice. Sometime being audacious is being vague,
because it gives you permission to be productively incorrect in hundreds
of small ways, and each of those small ways may have dozens of useful
permutations to be expounded upon. Or, you could be right, which rarely
if ever happens, for most it doesn't.
